Back in high school I wasn't super popular, but I was known by quite a few people in my grade. One of my most significant traits that I was known for was being a stoner. I just smoked before school and everyone would constantly point out that I was high. So around the middle of 11th grade, I met this 10th grader that had transferred from a far away school across the country (I live in a city I'd rather not name in Wyoming). I met him on his first day, he got assigned next to me in my 2nd period math class. We bonded over being horrible at math and Super Smash Bros. I didn't notice anything funny about him on this day, he just seemed like a normal guy. I didn't expect to really ever hang out with him outside of this math class.

I ended up talking to him in math class constantly. For the first 3 math classes, I didn't even know the guy's name. In the 4th math class I had with the guy, I found out his name was Phillip. Phillip made sure to tell me that he prefers to be called Rick. Why? No idea, he just told me to call him Rick and I was high as fuck and just went along with it. Through the rest of that 1st semester, Rick would constantly get angry at the teacher for calling his REAL name out loud. I guess I shouldn't be writing his real name but whatever, It doesn't matter now.

Sorry for the rambling recap, let me just get to the point of why I'm writing this to the world. Rick and I somehow went 3 months without knowing the thing we ultimately had in common, smoking weed. This is when Rick became a part of my life outside of school, we'd often plan to meet up after the final bell rang, call our weed dealer, and go smoke. I smoked with him and my close friend Tyler 4 times, before I smoked with Rick alone. I really wish Tyler hadn't needed a haircut that Thursday afternoon.

Rick and I met outside of the school, making our war through dozens of loud high school students, excited for the homecoming dance on Saturday. Rick and I called our dealer and everything was fine, we bought a gram and rolled up per usual. We decided to smoke in this alley by our school, that was surprisingly clean. Before I lit the perfect blunt I'd just rolled (sorry I had to flex), Rick asked that I add a little something to the blunt. I just kinda stared at him as he pulled out a bag of yellow crushed up powder. I assumed it was heroin, but he told me that it was 14 crushed up xanax, same thing really. He said he was just gonna add a little from the bag, to make the high way better. I told him that I didn't fuck with that shit, and that I only smoked weed. He then proceeded to tell me to fuck off.

All of the sudden this kid was standing in front of me screaming about how he wasn't gonna be like his dad. He started yelling to the sky, "FUCK YOU PHILLIP, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU PHILLIP!!!" , in that pattern for a good 30 seconds. He started swinging his backpack around, and I'll admit, in the midst of all this I took it upon myself to light the blunt. No xanax. I watched in horror as he threw his backpack up into the air and started punching the concrete beneath us with his bare hands. His hands started to bleed and he started to violently thrash his head into the ground. He tried to stand up in the midst of unintelligible rambling about his father, who I assume is named Phillip. As he began to stand, face bloodied and bruises, with a large gash in the center of his forehead, he almost immediately fell to the ground. I watched the guy face plant on the concrete and stop moving.

I was really high and I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to call the police because I was smoking and I've always kind of had an anti-police attitude. I decided I would use *67 to hide my number and leave an anonymous tip at a nearby hospital to bring an ambulance out here. I left the tip as I just ran away, horrified at what I'd just seen. I was so high and confused I didn't even think to check if he was alright. I didn't see him at school for the next week and I just assumed he'd been hospitalized. I didn't even want to tell anybody what happened, it was all so surreal.

About 10 days after the initial incident, I was watching the news. I saw that a boy suicidal boy who had been in a coma for a week was hospitalized. When he woke up he apparently told the police about a farm his dad owned, where he'd been keeping Rick and his younger brothers for years. When Rick got too old for this sick molester he was sent to Wyoming to live with Rick's brother, where he'd go to school with me. Police in his hometown of Oregon investigated the farm and sure enough had found 3 young boys that had been well fed. They were also being pumped with IVs full of narcotics.

I guess Rick's real name was Phillip Jr. , and he couldn't stand being named after his father. I never heard how Rick turned out, well till about 3 years later in college. Unfortunately I don't have anymore time to continue, so I'll finish this story in my next post.
